Pachas Lakh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn9f_g4JaRo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3RHpAbbR9E


The Hangman Om Puri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkQ0fz0O8gI


bolo raam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk5pXdQysic


Tsunami 81
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85w1g8gR5AQ


madholal keep walking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFcMU6sisaQ


Effects of Antar Dasha of RAHU in the Maha Dasha of Rahu.

BAD EFFECTS: The mind may be misled and mental tension increases. Wife may be ailing and conflicts are possible. 
Loss of wealth, sorrow, ailments, poison and fear of poisonous being prevails, wicked people may cause agony. 
There will be danger from thieves, distress from wounds, antagonism with government officials, destruction of realtives, distress to wife and children. 
There will be distress and diseases.

REMEDY: DONATE URAD DAAL, BLACK TIL (sesame), 
BLUE CLOTHES, WOOLEN BLACK BLANKET TO SWEEPER OR LOWER CASTE. 
SUGAR TO ANTS AND EGGS TO SNAKES NOT MILK. CHANT RAHU MANTRA ATLEAST 108 MIN TIMES DAY.

GOOD EFFECTS: Effects like acquisition of a kingdom (attainment of a high position in government), 
enthusiasm, and cordial relations with the king (government), 
happiness from wife and children, and increase in property. Good fortune is possible.


Rahu Mahadasha gives good results


if  placed in the good houses in the horoscope that is in houses  other than the dusthana houses (sixth, eighth and twelfth houses),

if not closely conjunct with any planet or mid point of the house or closely aspecting any other planet

and its dispositor is strong.




Rahu represents materialistic pursuits and a benefic Rahu indicates tremendous material prosperity during its Mahadasha. The results can be summarized as follows according to placement of Rahu in the horoscope:


Rahu in the ascendant, it activates the person and makes him dynamic and desirous of earning more and more without bothering about the ethical code of the society he is living in.

Rahu in the second house, it makes the native a politician trying to acquire status in whatever field he is placed in.

Rahu In the third house, it increases initiative and courage and indicates materialistic prosperity to younger brothers.

Rahu In the fourth house, it impels one to acquire new assets, vehicles and use of even unfair means for advancement of education and professional matters.

Rahu In the fifth house, it indicates gains from speculations and good intuitive faculty.

Rahu In the seventh house, it indicates celebration of marriage, happiness in marriage, relations out of marital bond and visiting foreign places.

Rahu In the ninth house, it indicates involvement in religious functions and desire for moksha without the corresponding sincere efforts.

Rahu In the tenth house, it makes a person diplomatic, a good public relations man, a go-getter capable of achieving his ends through the use of vices.

Rahu In the eleventh house, it gives unearned gains through corrupt/manipulative tendencies.


The close conjunction/aspect of Rahu to a functionally benefic, well-placed and strong planet highly activates the significations of the planet in question and gives rise to short lived phenomenal results during its antardasha and mahadasha.


Om Rang Rahuve Namah Om

